The "Last Lecture" video brought to light some very interesting thoughts that I had never considered. When faced with a brick wall, he didn't just give up and say "oh well, guess it wasn't in the cards for me." He found a way around that wall and ultimately was able to achieve his dream of experiencing zero G's. I think that a lot of us tend to give up when we ourselves face a "brick wall", and it is easier to give up and stop trying, but we wouldn't be where we are in this life if everyone just gave up on their goals and dreams. As a society we tend to take the path of least resistance, which in a way may be comfortable but the growth in oneself won't be present if they choose not to break down those barriers and push through.

With his football dream, I could relate with him on the dream of playing football in the professional sense. I wanted to play for a D1 college after I graduated Highschool. I worked as hard as I could to become better, and in my mind I didn't believe it was possible. Granted I was a stubborn kid and even though I didn't believe in myself I continued to practice because, much like Randy Pausch, I too had a coach that wouldn't let up on me. He believed in me more than I believed in me. He helped me with technique and form and even though there were times I hated him I still listened to him because he could see the potential in me that i had never knew was there. I never made it to a D1 football team, but what he taught me will stay with me for the rest of my life.

Leadership is something I believe is important to have in life. All my life I have been surrounded by individuals that influence my decisions for the better. My Mother and Father. My football coach. My teachers. Every single one of those individuals has helped me and influenced me to become the person I am today. It is very important to have someone who can help you achieve your dreams, even if the support comes in the form of belief in you.

In conclusion, you can learn a lot from this video, but the most important things you can learn in this life are those lessons you learn from the journey and the people you share that journey with. The individuals you look up to, the individuals you have next to you, and the individuals you help can teach you the most important lessons in your life.